what is up guys I'm die show and I'm
planes of magic today I am playing with
the elves and so basically I've been
playing for a while I played so much
last night so much this morning already
and monday is my day off in case you
were wondering and well and once I oh my
god i have this card um I mean I'm
monday and friday i have off but anyway
i was playing so much against the elves
that i really wanted to play a game with
the elves if that makes any sense
alright he's got wall of vines that's
let's look gitam it it'll slow my early
rush game down i'm playing my elves
without any of the black i do I mean as
I mentioned every time I play this deck
I do like the removal that the black has
to offer but it's I don't see it as
worth it because i love i love how
smooth this deck runs euro what you
always have the right mana you never
have to worry oh man i have one forest
and a swamp so now i know it complaining
i can't play nice is chosen or whatever
and then you also have to worry about
throwing those those mattafix and cards
in your deck like frontier guide
frontier guide now frontier has a really
good car by the way um our sylvan Ranger
is what it's called anyway I can't swing
in I mean I can swing in here but it
wouldn't really help me at all but next
turn i get this card titania has chosen
out and i had to pull up the guard to
actually read the name because i never
remember what it's called but anyway
once this card is out then it's pretty
much game over because no matter what
card he plays my creature gets stronger
I mean it's not game over but it's
really helpful for me plus I got Lisa
lon ha master coming out soon I would
like to draw some smaller elves right
now that would be ideal something like
that war might of the masses would would
work too I would be happy with my the
masses Michael meses is such a good
guard especially when you have this card
out and they do exactly enough damage to
to block to block and kill it then you
just go out and throw my to the masses
and then they just get really screwed
but anyway hooga roots back later that
is it's definitely not good for me
that's really really good for him
because it basically means
replays a creature well this is what the
card says whenever he plays a creature
with power 3 or greater he gets to draw
a card so that's a lot of the cards in
the deck not i wouldn't say most of them
but a large portion of the cards in the
deck do do have that on the on the card
so anyway he my 33 is now officially
stronger than he is 22 well I mean
obviously that makes sense but titania
is chosen is now officially stronger
than borderland ranger so he can't swing
with that but he can still swing with
gooks pack leader if he wants it
interesting that my opponent left
grazing Glade heart in the deck one of
the main reasons why I took it out is
because it doesn't get triggered by this
ability so anyway my deck that I have in
real life I have two of these guys and I
think I have a few groups companions a
few leatherback bailiffs all those cards
get tripped by that ability so that's
really really good but I'm not gonna not
gonna swing in here yet I'm just gonna
basically keep building up hopefully
I'll draw an elf next turn I think since
I drooly salon at least a lotta
huntmaster the only thing I've drawn has
been forests and I have I have enough
forest now it's okay you can stop
drawing for us but my opponent is doing
pretty well and the fact that they're
thinking and not doing anything leads me
to believe that they have an overrun in
their hand right now and they're
calculating some damage but so that's
something that I'm going to really have
to worry about they can only get in for
10 plus 17 plus 7 they can only get in
for 17 right now I'm at 18 but I can I
mean I can still do some blocking but
either way i also have to worry about
giant growth plus 3 plus 3 and it's an
instant so i'm not going to swing in
next turn with heedless one or two tanya
has chosen or something like that but
all right so he's got a giant growth in
his hand the question is do I want to
take four should I throw an elf at it I
could just block with heedless one and
titania is chosen and then I kill his
group's back later unless he has to um
I'll just take the four damage hopefully
he'll still he's not go play all right
well that was a long knowing but now I
mean I basically know he has that in his
hand I mean without being it's as sure
as I can be without being positive all
right so he's gonna he's gonna get
another another forest which is really
good for him because now he has I think
six forests he's already at 20 to life
he is in actually better board revision
than me and I am literally only drilling
forest ah so there's that I need to fuck
I need to I need to do something I need
to drop I all I need to do is draw a
couple elves and I'm in great shape I
hope he doesn't attack again with his 44
gets to draw he's gonna play golfing
slag worm next turn to something like
that which is such a good card I do
think that my opponent trimmed his deck
down so this could actually be a loss
against the apex predator which I don't
think I've done yeah I don't think I've
ever lost to this deck online which is
not really that confusing because the
deck is pretty goddamn offer but alright
another the creature it's good for me
that's why I didn't swing in there i
think is because he wanted to use all
his mana yes jagged scar chores your
boss play this guy my creature now is a
99 and then my heedless one becomes a 77
and yet I still don't think I should
swing in with either of them the only
reason the only thing I'm worried about
is he's gonna get his over on pretty
quickly because he'll be able to draw
cards whenever he whenever he plays a
creature so it's it's not I don't know
it's not great for me but I do it at
least I have jagged scar jerz he's a
really strong creature and titania is
chosen which is a strong creature and
it's just going to get stronger he'd
this one is strong so yeah there we go
that's that overrun that I was expecting
alright let's do some math here alright
he's not doing any math so everything is
trampled obviously I'm going to use this
guy to block this one then I'm gonna
block this one and I'm gonna use this
one to block this guy and now how much
damage on my taking I'm taking 17 so I
need to uh take oh shit what the fuck is
gonna giant growth I'm not done yet did
it did it stop me am I not allowed to
assign blockers anymore yeah well that's
nice it didn't give me enough time to
think about it fuck this game you know
what that's that's really just bullshit
because I was not gonna lose his game I
was just I was calculating and it just
made me continue that's really annoying
I didn't I wasn't even looking at the
timer I just assumed it would give me
enough time to actually think about it
but that was I was really annoying but
anyway my opponent played well and he he
drew correctly so he ended up winning
the game hope you guys manage to enjoy
that and have a nice day bye